Update documentation on latest API (#79)
ami-iit/jaxsim: docs/guide/install.rst

Prerequisites
-------------

JAXsim requires Python 3.11 or later. 

Basic Installation
------------------

You can install the project with using `conda`_: 

.. code-block:: bash

   conda install jaxsim -c conda-forge

> Or using `pypa/pip`_, preferably in a `virtual environment`_:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can use `pypa/pip`_, preferably in a `virtual environment`_:
```
